the Book of Psalms Psalm 1 blessed is
the Book of Psalms Psalm 1 blessed is the man who walks not in the counsel of
the man who walks not in the counsel of
the man who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly nor stands in the path of
the ungodly nor stands in the path of
the ungodly nor stands in the path of sinners nor sits in the seat of the
sinners nor sits in the seat of the
sinners nor sits in the seat of the scornful but his delight is in the law
scornful but his delight is in the law
scornful but his delight is in the law of the Lord in his law he meditates day
of the Lord in his law he meditates day
of the Lord in his law he meditates day and night he shall be like a tree
and night he shall be like a tree
and night he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of water that
planted by the rivers of water that
planted by the rivers of water that brings forth its fruit in its season
brings forth its fruit in its season
brings forth its fruit in its season whose leaf also shall not wither and
whose leaf also shall not wither and
whose leaf also shall not wither and whatever he does shall prosper
whatever he does shall prosper
whatever he does shall prosper Yeun godly are not so but I like the
Yeun godly are not so but I like the
Yeun godly are not so but I like the chaff which the wind drives away
chaff which the wind drives away
chaff which the wind drives away therefore the ungodly shall not stand in
therefore the ungodly shall not stand in
therefore the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment nor sinners in the
the judgment nor sinners in the
the judgment nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous for the
congregation of the righteous for the
congregation of the righteous for the Lord knows the way of the righteous but
Lord knows the way of the righteous but
Lord knows the way of the righteous but the way of the ungodly Shall Perish
the way of the ungodly Shall Perish
the way of the ungodly Shall Perish [Music]